# Store


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**links** | [**Links**](Links.md) |  | [optional] 
**address** | [**Address2**](Address2.md) |  | [optional] 
**business_line_ids** | **List[str]** | The unique identifiers of the [business lines](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/legalentity/latest/post/businesslines__resParam_id) that the store is associated with.  If not specified, the business line of the merchant account is used. Required when there are multiple business lines under the merchant account. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the store. | [optional] 
**external_reference_id** | **str** | When using the Zip payment method: The location ID that Zip has assigned to your store. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The unique identifier of the store. This value is generated by Adyen. | [optional] 
**merchant_id** | **str** | The unique identifier of the merchant account that the store belongs to. | [optional] 
**phone_number** | **str** | The phone number of the store, including &#39;+&#39; and country code. | [optional] 
**reference** | **str** | A reference to recognize the store by. Also known as the store code.  Allowed characters: Lowercase and uppercase letters without diacritics, numbers 0 through 9, hyphen (-), and underscore (_) | [optional] 
**shopper_statement** | **str** | The store name shown on the shopper&#39;s bank or credit card statement and on the shopper receipt. | [optional] 
**split_configuration** | [**StoreSplitConfiguration**](StoreSplitConfiguration.md) |  | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status of the store. Possible values are:  - **active**. This value is assigned automatically when a store is created.  - **inactive**. The terminals under the store are blocked from accepting new transactions, but capturing outstanding transactions is still possible. - **closed**. This status is irreversible. The terminals under the store are reassigned to the merchant inventory. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.store import Store

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Store from a JSON string
store_instance = Store.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print Store.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
store_dict = store_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Store from a dict
store_form_dict = store.from_dict(store_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


